End the last core sections with a closer look at components and on how to run our application on the
real device.
Now with those important sections out of the way let's take a closer look at a real application again
in this core section we're going to build an app in the next lecture you're going to see what specifically
we're going to build.
But now we want to highlight the core features of this app will use even more of both and component
so that you see more examples of components you can use and how to use them.
But the specific focus of the section will then lay on handling user input and using forums.
The template driven already reactive approach supported by Tingler to both Barack and I want him to
as he will learn.
And this is what we will have a closer look at in this section